one recent arrival swam in through the
lock gates of Canary Wharf to an old
coal dock the separates the towers of
industry from Billingsgate fish market
the villains Gate porters are a London
tradition for 500 years men have risen
at 4 a.m. each day to distribute fish to
a hungry city but these tradesmen have
gone soft on an animal most fishermen
would see as the enemy
I think she's camera shy when I first
saw it was dark and write down the other
end of the dock there and I was coming
down the stairs from the change room and
I saw this shape in the water and I
thought it was a name is the water no I
didn't mean it was you could see it was
a silt no that noise you know
just kick it kick this a lap she comes
like flipper
[Applause]
this sealed cannot escape to the
cherries should you choose to do so yet
she prefers to stay certainly cutting
fish here is a lot easier nice big juicy
met will fry the anguish it's a bit
narrow this just puts in the flippers
and claws and just strips it down strips
it right off it's an unlikely
relationship men considered to be tough
as old nails raiding their stock for the
love of a seal go up and down follow you
along Chiefs up the phones you know
especially when she's hungry for those
of us who care to look London is full of
surprises
it's all around if you only look and see
for yourself what's about I mean some
people walk back with your head in the
clouds they don't look at nothing it's
true most blunders don't notice the
nature around them one in particular is
right under their noses and they barely
give the expects all to the feral pigeon
the streets of London are paved with
gold
lissa far from ignoring the humble
pigeon stable which has developed an
obsession with them stealth she's not a
scientist she's just a girl with an
unlikely passion but you don't call
around the streets of London for six
years without picking up a thing or two
we are in the middle of Soho so all
these guys basically live in Soho Square
scientists believe that pigeons used to
navigate their way using the Earth's
magnetic field and there are actually a
lot of scientists now that believe that
they just use roads like everybody else
so literally you know a Manchester
pigeon might arrive in London by flying
down the m1
[Music]